[docs][notifications] ack FCM legacy key deprecation (#23489)
expo/expo: docs/pages/push-notifications/push-notifications-setup.mdx

4. In your [Expo account's](https://expo.dev/) dashboard, select your project, and click on **Credentials** in the navigation menu. Then, click on your **Application Identifier** that follows the pattern:`com.company.app`.

5. Under **Service Credentials** > **FCM Server Key**, click **Add a FCM Server Key** > **Google Cloud Messaging Token** and add the **Server key** from **step 3**.

> > Expo notifications only supports the **Cloud Messaging API (Legacy)** key at this time. This key is deprecated by Firebase, but will continue to work until 6/30/2024. We will provide information on migrating to the new v1 key in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Expo Notifications only supports the **Cloud Messaging API (Legacy)** key at this time. This key is deprecated by Firebase. However, it will continue to work until June 30, 2024. We will provide information on migrating to the new v1 key in the future.
```

Small suggestions: 
- expressing dates as spelled out the names of months and days of the week in full.
- Specifying library name as "Expo Notifications" as we do that on that library's reference page:

<img width="890" alt="CleanShot 2023-07-13 at 01 12 56@2x" src="https://github.com/expo/expo/assets/10234615/042ed6fd-f888-4c61-b617-828b1d4900d7">
